Pepe Whitepaper

$pepe the most memeable memecoin in existence. The dogs have had their day, it’s time for Pepe to take reign.

ABOUT
Pepe is tired of watching everyone play hot potato with the endless derivative Shiba/GME/Kishu/Turbo/Floki Inu coins. The Inu’s have had their day. It’s time for the most recognizable meme in the world to take his reign as king of the memes.

Pepe is here to make memecoins great again. Launched stealth with no presale, zero taxes, LP burnt and contract renounced, $PEPE is a coin for the people, forever. Fueled by pure memetic power, let $PEPE show you the way.

No Taxes, No Bullshit. It’s that simple.
93.1% of the tokens were sent to the liquidity pool, LP tokens were burnt, and contract is renounced. The remaining 6.9% of the supply is being held in a multi-sig wallet only to be used as tokens for future centralized exchange listings, bridges, and liquidity pools. This wallet is easily trackable with the ENS name “pepecexwallet.eth”

$PEPE is a meme coin with no intrinsic value or expectation of financial return. There is no formal team or roadmap. the coin is completely useless and for entertainment purposes only.

Pepe Twitter
Pepe Website

Great news! $pepe is listed on Binance and I can help you purchase it cheaper! Just register with Binance via this referral link and you will get a free 10% fee discount for every purchase! And if you want to go PRO and trade with 2-125x leverage, use this referral link for another free 10% fee discount on Binance (code shortxrp). Happy trading!

About Pepe
$Pepe is a cryptocurrency that has recently gained popularity among investors and traders. Named after the famous internet meme character Pepe the Frog, the coin has attracted a lot of attention in the crypto community due to its unique branding.

One of the main features of $Pepe is its focus on social media and community engagement. The creators of the coin believe that building a strong community is key to the success of any cryptocurrency project. As such, they have implemented various mechanisms to encourage users to engage with the coin and participate in the development of the project. They are embracing the meme and being successful doing so. The coin has done a 125.000x since it’s creation, which is one of the biggest returns for early investors in the crypto history.